README.md, before:

<h1 align="center" style="margin-top: 1em; margin-bottom: 3em;">
  <a href="https://learnforsyth.org"><img width="500"  src="https://i.imgur.com/k6KB7gb.png"></a>
  <p>learnforsyth.org, the home of free tutoring.</p>
</h1>

![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/learnforsyth/website?style=flat-square)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/learnforsyth/website?style=flat-square)
<a href="https://www.instagram.com/learnfoco/">![Instagram page](https://img.shields.io/badge/instagram-Follow-success?style=flat-square)</a>

This is the repository for the [learnforsyth.org](https://learnforsyth.org) website, a free tutoring non-profit centered around offering easily accessible peer-to-peer tutoring. The website allows students to register as LearnForsyth students who recieve free tutoring from our amazing volounteer team. Additionally, this organization is founded by Ayush Gundawar, a SFHS Students who serves as the CEO and founder of LearnForsyth.

[learnforsyth.org](https://learnforsyth.org) is improved and changed over time through the contributions of community members who submit content, give feedback, or volunteer their time to managing its evolution. If you’re interested in helping to improve [learnforsyth.org](https://learnforsyth.org), please make a pull request. Guidelines for PRs will be released shortly.

# Interested in Tutoring?
If you're interested in recieving free tutoring after reading the blurb above, we don't blame you! [Check out student registration page here](https://learnforsyth.org/get-tutoring). Additionally, if you are interested in becoming a volunteer tutor at LearnForsyth, please [check out the tutor registration page here](https://www.learnforsyth.org/tutors). Thank you!

<hr style="margin-top: 3em; margin-bottom: 3em;">

# How to contribute
To contribute to this project, clone this repo and make a PR request. Contributions of any kind are greatly welcomed and appreciated!

# Update Process
### Submit an issue

- Create a [new issue](https://github.com/learnforsyth/website/issues/new/choose).
- Comment on the issue (if you'd like to be assigned to it) - that way [our team can assign the issue to you](https://github.blog/2019-06-25-assign-issues-to-issue-commenters/).

### Fork the repository (repo)

- If you're not sure, here's how to [fork the repo](https://help.github.com/en/articles/fork-a-repo).

### Set up your local environment (optional)

If you're ready to contribute and create your PR, it will help to set up a local environment so you can see your changes.

1. [Set up your development environment](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/tutorial/part-zero/)

2. Clone your fork

To clone this repository use the following Git command:
```
git clone https://github.com/learnforsyth/website && cd website
```

### Make Changes
1. Create new branch for your changes

```
$ git checkout -b new_branch_name
```

2. Start developing!

```
$ yarn start
```

- Open this directory in your favorite text editor / IDE, and see your changes live by visiting `localhost:8000` from your browser
- Pro Tip: Explore scripts within `package.json` for more build options

3. Commit and prepare for pull request (PR). In your PR commit message, reference the issue it resolves (see [how to link a commit message to an issue using a keyword](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/managing-your-work-on-github/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword)).

```
$ git commit -m "brief description of changes [Fixes #1234]"
```

4. Push to your GitHub account

```
$ git push
```

# Thank you!
Thank you to everyone that has assisted with the journey of LearnForsyth. It has been an amazing year and we could not have done it without our contributors - from our amazing, dedicated volounteer tutors to our extremely involved and hard-working interns. We could have never reached the goal of **300**+ students tutored without their help. Thank you.

Commit message:

Added important note and long term goals

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center" style="margin-top: 1em; margin-bottom: 3em;">
  <a href="https://learnforsyth.org"><img width="500"  src="https://i.imgur.com/k6KB7gb.png"></a>
  <p>learnforsyth.org, the home of free tutoring.</p>
</h1>

![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/learnforsyth/website?style=flat-square)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/learnforsyth/website?style=flat-square)
<a href="https://www.instagram.com/learnfoco/">![Instagram page](https://img.shields.io/badge/instagram-Follow-success?style=flat-square)</a>

This is the repository for the [learnforsyth.org](https://learnforsyth.org) website, a free tutoring non-profit centered around offering easily accessible peer-to-peer tutoring. The website allows students to register as LearnForsyth students who recieve free tutoring from our amazing volounteer team. Additionally, this organization is founded by Ayush Gundawar, a SFHS Students who serves as the CEO and founder of LearnForsyth.

[learnforsyth.org](https://learnforsyth.org) is improved and changed over time through the contributions of community members who submit content, give feedback, or volunteer their time to managing its evolution. If you’re interested in helping to improve [learnforsyth.org](https://learnforsyth.org), please make a pull request. Guidelines for PRs will be released shortly.

# Interested in Tutoring?
If you're interested in recieving free tutoring after reading the blurb above, we don't blame you! [Check out student registration page here](https://learnforsyth.org/get-tutoring). Additionally, if you are interested in becoming a volunteer tutor at LearnForsyth, please [check out the tutor registration page here](https://www.learnforsyth.org/tutors). Thank you!

<hr style="margin-top: 3em; margin-bottom: 3em;">

# How to contribute
To contribute to this project, clone this repo and make a PR request. Contributions of any kind are greatly welcomed and appreciated!

# Important Note
It is generally best practice to include CSS, JS, and HTML files seperately in a project. This is a practice that will always work well. However, in this repository, all site data is handled through HTML files only. This is due to the way the webserver handles updates in CSS and JS files. We are currently in a migration towards seperated files, though that is not a priority right now.

# Update Process
### Submit an issue

- Create a [new issue](https://github.com/learnforsyth/website/issues/new/choose).
- Comment on the issue (if you'd like to be assigned to it) - that way [our team can assign the issue to you](https://github.blog/2019-06-25-assign-issues-to-issue-commenters/).

### Fork the repository (repo)

- If you're not sure, here's how to [fork the repo](https://help.github.com/en/articles/fork-a-repo).

### Set up your local environment (optional)

If you're ready to contribute and create your PR, it will help to set up a local environment so you can see your changes.

1. [Set up your development environment](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/tutorial/part-zero/)

2. Clone your fork

To clone this repository use the following Git command:
```
git clone https://github.com/learnforsyth/website && cd website
```

### Make Changes
1. Create new branch for your changes

```
$ git checkout -b new_branch_name
```

2. Start developing!

```
$ yarn start
```

- Open this directory in your favorite text editor / IDE, and see your changes live by visiting `localhost:8000` from your browser
- Pro Tip: Explore scripts within `package.json` for more build options

3. Commit and prepare for pull request (PR). In your PR commit message, reference the issue it resolves (see [how to link a commit message to an issue using a keyword](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/managing-your-work-on-github/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword)).

```
$ git commit -m "brief description of changes [Fixes #1234]"
```

4. Push to your GitHub account

```
$ git push
```

# Thank you!
Thank you to everyone that has assisted with the journey of LearnForsyth. It has been an amazing year and we could not have done it without our contributors - from our amazing, dedicated volounteer tutors to our extremely involved and hard-working interns. We could have never reached the goal of **300**+ students tutored without their help. Thank you.
